And people like,
that's what people are gonna think of you as whatever he posts it's like,
and then like realizing, because like I was broke last year.
This time I was probably broke and now I have a good amount of money and it's,
I'm realizing money. Doesn't make you happy, materialistic things.
Don't make you happy. And I know everyone says that, um, who was it?
What's Jim Carey's quote. Like I wish everyone could be rich,
wants to realize that they don't want to rich and famous, rich and.
Famous to realize it doesn't make you happy because.
I have a lot of people, like my little brother, I was telling him,
trying to like, get him. I want to pay him to help run my YouTube channel.
I'm like, you can make $60,000 a year, blah, blah, blah. He was like, oh,
that's not a lot. That's not enough. I'm like, dude,
you could literally not have to work and be like, help me with my YouTube.
Yeah. Do, but I'm trying to get millionaires.
And it's just like, that's not what makes you happy?
And I'm re I'm finding that out. Like at a young age,
like I understand like my ego is motivated by money. I love money.
And I love just this whole fight game is just all about just,
I feel like I'm learning so much. It's hard to hard to explain my brain.
And I'm still trying to figure out all this, everything I'm learning.
I'm listening to so many podcasts every day, reading so many books every day.
And I can't really explain what my brain.
I try to explain what you were your original thoughts. So like,
you feel like what you're putting out on social media is the ego and what you
really are like who you really are is something.
Well, yeah. I think just humans in general, we're all at the core.
We're all just want love and compassion. Um, and so you.
Want that from fighting fight?
Like what makes me truly happy is training to Jitsu or chaining in general,
eating healthy and being around people. I love being around my dogs. Um,
watering my flowers. Like that's what makes me happy. That's what makes, um.
What kind of satisfaction do you get from fighting to show your hard work?
I love performing ever since I was a little kid,
I always trying to perform in front of whoever was around me.
If we had to get together a family that I was always being loud, obnoxious,
trying to perform and do something. I love performing like that.
Performing in front of huge Scouts. Like he was saying the bigger the crowd,
the more people watching them, the better I feel like I perform. Um,
yeah. Um, when you start learning about that stuff and take mushrooms,
it really opens your brain and other different pathways.
And it changes how you look.
I think, yeah.
Mushrooms are one of my favorite things I've ever done.
I've done mushrooms probably five times. And it's, it's weird. Right, right.
After right after a mushroom trip, you feel you're so much more,
you realize everyone's going through.
Like everyone is going through something and makes you want to be nicer to
people makes you want to be kinder. And then I get four or five months later,
you start getting deer and with ways, and you're like, oh,
I need to do mushrooms again. I need to reset.
Have you done DMT?
I have not. I'm actually kind of scared to do DMT. Cause I know like that,
that's what I talk about. My ego, like, like even mushrooms,
like they attack your ego almost kinda, you know what I mean? Yeah.
And we need that and I need that ego to keep don't know it's you need.
Your ego right now. So what we.
Said, yeah. We got know like Connor's ego is huge Connor.
You need to have a big ego. You need to have an ego just to do anything we are.
Um.
But is it the ego or do you need to have the desire to achieve
excellence? It is that always the ego. Can you do that without the self?
Can you do that just as a task,
as a goal and be completely committed and single-minded in your approach to try
to achieve excellence. Can you do that without the ego?
Can you do it as a project? Can you do it as a task?
I think so.
I think you can tend to think you build this character that I'm want to build
this person, this persona.
But why do you want to build a persona? Because you see Connor do it.
No, no. It's, it's it's fun. Right? This is the whole fight game is like that.
It's just fun. Right? Like I don't plus you know, if we build the persona,
the bigger checks are going to come bright. Yeah.
Like I'm not trying to not be me. Like everything I do is me. Like I just,
I don't know. I enjoy trying to find a happy medium,
like a happy medium.
I'm going to come on this podcast later in life and I'll explain more in my
brain. I'm just learning so much right now.
And I just feel like it's overwhelming.
Dude. When I was your age, I was a idiot. You know,
you're way ahead of the game. It's just a part of life is, is, you know,
five years from now, you're building like God back then. I didn't know.
And then five years later you'd be like, ah, back then. I didn't know.
The more you learn, the more you realize you don't know.
And then we get mad at our parents and stuff like, come on, please listen to me,
eat healthy, like read books.
I'm like her parents didn't grow up with the internet.
Like we're so lucky to be a learn from you guys.
It's just impossible to change. People's ways they have to want change.
They have to be motivated. They have to it's it's so hard to change people.
It's like,
if you've ever had a friend that's been into drugs and it's been all up and you
can't get them to quit or an alcoholic,
it is almost impossible to talk someone into changing.
They have to have some motivation. That's internal. Yeah.
And that's the same thing with eating. Good.
The best example you could set is by living your life in a healthy way. Yeah.
Yeah.
That's one of the best things about the internet.
You get to see all these people that are doing things in a healthy way and doing
things that are exciting and inspirational,
and then it makes you want to do stuff that's good and makes you want to take
care of your body and makes you really want to concentrate on your mind and
meditate and just really get everything in order.
Yeah. Meditation so awesome. It's really helping me every morning.
I meditate for 10 minutes and I feel like it's helping me throughout the day.
Understand why certain thoughts are coming up,
whether it's from my childhood dramas or just anything, just certain,
um, patterns. My, um, cultural conditioning patterns, cultural conditioning,
just meditating has helped me almost kind of slow my brain down and redirect my
thoughts if I get angry or something,
or if something Cummins will understanding why I'm getting angry. And I think I,
and I'm, so I've been meditating.
I did it for the Terry on where if I did it for the Andre fight and I would do
it randomly or in camp, I wouldn't do it all. Then now I'm doing it.
I want it to be a part of my life every morning.
I've been doing it for the last mile long. You do it for 10 minutes, 10 minutes.
Every morning. And then how do you do it?
Oh, I w I've been listening to Sam Harris, um,
guided meditation on there's an app called Headspace that has a bunch of
packages that whether it's stress, anxiety, sleep,
um, positive thinking. Uh, I just, I just do the guided meditations.
I have this little meditation room. I go down there.
I first thing in the morning I get up, I put the lemon in the Seesaw. I hydrate,
I go into my meditation room, push play, sit there,
10 minutes meditate. Then I go outside water my fire in the morning routines.
My favorite thing I need to, I wish everyone would have a morning routine.
Cause it's really like it sets you up for a good day.
It does. I just don't have,
I don't remember the last time I had a bad day and just morning routine sets me
up for a good day.
Yeah, I agree. I agree. In routine, John Donna,
her wa wrote some really fascinating piece on his Instagram about
routine, about how important it is. If you're a great athlete,
you say you find me a great athlete.
I'll find you someone whose life is governed by routine.
And that this is the way to check progress.
And this is the way to constantly be moving towards your goal. And uh,
I remember reading that and I said to myself,
this is something that I've always known, but never verbalized.
I've never said it, but it's something that I've always known. Like, yeah,
like everybody who's really good.
I remember I were at a sports illustrated article a long time ago
about who's that
track and field guy who won the Olympics. A bunch of times,
his name was something Moses, I forget his name. See,
you could find this guy's name. It was something,
but he was like an elite track and field guy. And uh,
I re what's that Edwin Edward Moses. He was a beast and just super,
super disciplined.
And I remember he had like this routine where he had his notebook and he would
lay his notebook out and write down all of his different routes.
And he had this like map that he would lay down.
He would do his stretching routines and all this stuff.
And I remember thinking like, oh, this guy, this is his thing.
He does this all the time. He just gets there. He locks in and he does this.
And this was many, many years ago.
I might've even still been fighting when this was going on.
So I remember thinking about it going, okay, like this kind of,
this is like what elite performers do when they,
when they w when they're at the Olympics, you know, track and field,
it's so boring. You're doing the same. You're just running. Like,
you have to have a mind that's made out of steel to be able to do that same
stupid every day to try to get an extra 10th of a second here,
or an eighth of a second there, all that. Right.
But I remember thinking like it was it too. It was at the same time,
horrifying to me that someone would ever to do the same stupid over and over
again until they won a gold medal. But at the same time,
massively impressive that this guy had this kind of iron will.
There it is.
Every time Edward Moses placed his feet on the blocks from 1977 to 1987,
he won Moses, arguably the best hurdler ever won 122 races,
including 107 consecutive finals and set world records in the 400 meter
hurdles, four times within that 10 year span his journey to the
untouchable, to this untouchable level was marked by personal innovation,
determination,
proving that elite coaching and state-of-the-art facilities are not required for
Supreme athletic success. And there was a,
I believe it was sports illustrated that had an article about this guy.
And I remember just seeing how motivated I was seeing him
stretching and working out and going over his routine.
And I was thinking to myself like, oh,
think about it every time I worked out that, like, what would Moses do?
How would, yeah. How would Moses, like I got, I gotta start writing down.
I got to start really thinking about everything I do.
And I got to start putting it together on a daily basis. Like he does.
That's what Robert falls.
His favorite formula you'd always say is consistency over time equals result was
favorite form on, I got it tattooed on there. And it's funny. Cause like,
once you get good at one thing you realize like, I could get good at anything.
I know what it takes is consistency.
Dude. That's Miyamoto Musashi he wrote that in the book of five rings.
Once you understand the way broadly, you will see it in all things.
Sweet and sweet. Yeah. And that's a dude who fought people with a sword.
Oh God, that's this guy. I think that's him.
That's who Savage. Yeah. Well,
I read that book when I was like 15 or 16 or something like that.
And he wrote it in the 16 hundreds. Matt Haley. Yeah.
Maybe it was the 14 hundreds. I think it was the 14 hundreds.
Now that I think about it.